Tutorial: add info about non-blocking `!()` (#5449)
xonsh/xonsh: docs/tutorial.rst

    >>> !(ls nonexistent_directory)
    CommandPipeline(
        pid=26968,
        returncode=2,
        args=['ls', 'nonexistent_directory'],
        alias=['ls', '--color=auto', '-v'],
        timestamps=[1485235484.5016758, None],
        executed_cmd=['ls', '--color=auto', '-v', 'nonexistent_directory'],
        input=None,
        output=,
        errors=None
    )

> The captured object ``!()`` operator implements the non-blocking concept.
> You can call the command, do tasks and read the output later:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The captured object ``!()`` operator allows for non-blocking execution.
You can call a long-running command, intersperse other commands and 
read the captured output later:
```

.. code-block:: xonshcon

    >>> p = !(echo snail)
    >>> p.output
    ''
    >>> p.end()
    >>> p.output
    'snail'

> The ending will be forced automatically in case of getting the return code,
> printing the object or reading from ``out`` attribute:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can force ``xonsh`` to block and wait for the command to complete by asking for the return code,
printing the object or reading the ``out`` attribute:
```
